Story/troubleshooting section pt 1 (#110)
vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk: README.md

### Creating a New Management Pack (Cassandra-DB)
<details><summary>
This guide assumes you have already set up the SDK and know how to create a new project.
It walks you through the steps necessary to monitor an endpoint, using Cassandra DB as
an example.</summary>
TODO
</details>

### Extending an Existing Management Pack (MySQL)
<details><summary>
This guide assumes you have already set up the SDK and know how to create a new project.
It walks you through the steps necessary to extend an existing Management Pact to add
additional data, using the MySQL Management Pack as an example.</summary>
TODO
</details>

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues while using the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK, you can refer to the troubleshooting guides for each tool:

- [mp-test Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-test.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-init Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-init.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-build Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-build.md#troubleshooting)

### Docker Issues

> If you encounter any issues with Docker while using the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK, you can refer to the following guides:

Reviewer: This says 'any issues', but the two guides are just about getting Docker running. Like before, the text is generally pretty good but let's make sure the heading is a specific problem/question that matches the text.

- **Docker not running:** If you're having trouble getting Docker to run on your system, you can refer to the Docker documentation for instructions on how to start Docker on [macOS](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/), [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/debian/#launch-docker-desktop), and [Windows 10 and 11](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/#start-docker-desktop).

- **Permission errors(Windows): ** If you're having trouble with permissions on a Windows system, you can refer to the Docker documentation for instructions on how to [Understand permission requirements for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/permission-requirements/).

### Registry Issues:
TODO:
### Dockerfile Issues:
- Error when modifying Dockerfile
TODO:
### Adapter Code:

> Logs are generated and stored in the `logs` directory whenever the adapter runs locally using' mp-test'. There are three types of log files: adapter, server, and test logs. Each log file is prepended with the type of log file followed by a number representing rollover, if there was any, and the .log file extension. Server logs come from the HTTP server that runs inside the container. Server logs can't be modified since the server code comes packaged inside the base-adapter Python image. Adapter logs are all the logs generated by adapter code (e.g., the test() method or the collect() methods inside `app/adapter.py`). Finally, test logs come from the logs generated by `mp-test`. Server and Adapter log levels are set inside a configuration file (logs/loglevels.cfg).- Setting log level for Adapter:

Reviewer: The text here is good -- but let's make sure it fits the 'Problem/Question - Solution' format. This could easily be fixed by adding some headers. You're actually grouping a bunch of things together! This could easily be broken up into sections, like this:
```
### Where does my adapter log to?
(also, make sure we tell them how to get to the log directory on the Cloud Proxy)

### What are the different log files?

### How do I log in my adapter code?

### How do I change the log level?
```
None of the solution text needs to be more than a sentence or two - I think you can just about copy/paste sentences you've already written above and put them in the appropriate section (double check that they don't need any light editing of course)

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues while using the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK, you can refer to the troubleshooting guides for each tool:

- [mp-test Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-test.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-init Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-init.md#troubleshooting)

> - [mp-build Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-build.md#troubleshooting)

Reviewer: What we're really looking for is something like
```
### Problem/Question

Text describing the solution
```

So things like this are OK as a catch-all at the bottom, but maybe better would be to duplicate some of the more common issues directly. For example:
```
### I'm getting 'SyntaxError: invalid syntax' when I try to run the SDK tools

<Text from mp-init troubleshooting>
```

It walks you through the steps necessary to extend an existing Management Pack to add
additional data, using the MySQL Management Pack as an example.</summary>

> --

Reviewer: Seems like some stray characters here

TODO
</details>

--
# Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues while using the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK tools, you can refer to the troubleshooting guides for each tool:

- [mp-test Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-test.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-init Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-init.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-build Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-build.md#troubleshooting)

<details>
<summary>
<h2>Docker Issues</h2>
</summary>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> Cannot connect to docker daemon (Windows)?</h3>
</summary>
If you're having trouble getting Docker to run on your system, you can refer to the Docker documentation for instructions on how to start Docker on [macOS](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/), [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/debian/#launch-docker-desktop), and [Windows 10 and 11](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/#start-docker-desktop).
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> Permission denied while trying to connect to the Docker daemon?</h3>
</summary>

> If you're having trouble with permissions on a Windows system, you can refer to the Docker documentation for instructions on how to [Understand permission requirements for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/permission-requirements/).

Reviewer: Are the titles here switched? The first mentions windows, but the text talks about Mac and linux as well, whereas the second only talks about windows.

Do we have records of the actual errors? Those would be good to use for titles if we have them.

</details>

</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h2>Registry Issues:
TODO:
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h2>Dockerfile Issues:</h2>
TODO:
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h2>Adapter</h2>
</summary>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> Where are the adapter logs stored locally? </h3>
</summary>
Logs are generated and stored in the `logs` directory whenever the adapter runs locally using' mp-test'
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> Where the adapter logs stored VMware Aria Operations?</h3>
</summary>

> Logs are generated and stored in the cloud proxy at `$ALIVE_BASE/user/log/adapter/<ADAPTERNAME>_adapter3/<ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID>`. ADAPTERNAME should match the name of the adapter used in the manifest.txt, and the ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID should match the Internal ID found in VMware Aria Operations at Environment>Inventory>Adapter Instances>My Adapter Adapter Instance>Instance** in the rightmost column.

Reviewer: A screenshot showing the internal id might be useful. Also I believe that column isn't shown by default.

</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> What are the different log files?</h3>
</summary>
There are five types of log files: adapter, server, build, test, and validation logs. Each log file is prepended with the type of
log file followed by a number that represents rollover.

- server.log:
Contains all logs related to the HTTP sever inside the container. Server logs can't be modified since the server code comes packaged
inside the [base-adapter image](https://projects.registry.vmware.com/harbor/projects/46752/repositories/base-adapter/artifacts-tab) Python image.

- adapter.log
Contains all logs related to the adapter

- test.log
Contains all logs related to `mp-test`

- build.log
Contains all logs related to `mp-build`

- validation.log

> Contains all logs related to the validation of the collection result(s).

Reviewer: May be somewhat obvious, but it could be useful to mention that these are only found locally

  Adapter logs are all the logs generated by adapter code (e.g., the test() method or the collect() methods inside

> `app/adapter.py`). Finally, test logs come from the logs generated by `mp-test`.

Reviewer: This should go in the `adapter.log` section

</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> How do I add logs to my adapter?</h3>
</summary>
The template adapter defines a logger variable which configures all logging for the adapter using [adapter_logging](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/blob/main/lib/python/src/aria/ops/adapter_logging.py) from the python SDK. To use the logger in any other files, import the python [logging](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html) module. eg.

```python3
import logging

logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)

def my_method():
  logger.info("info log")
  logger.warning("warning log")
  logger.error("error log")
  logger.debug("debug log")
   ...
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> How do I change the log level (Server and Adapter)?</h3>
</summary>

Server and Adapter log levels are set inside the `loglevels.cfg`; this file is located in the same directory where the logs are generated.
If the file does not exist, it will be generated after a collection/test collection.
</details>

<details>
<summary>
<h3> 500 INTERNAL SERVER ERROR:</h3>
</summary>

> Internal sever can happen for various reasons; however, the most common reason is due to an unhandled exception or syntax errors in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal server errors can happen for various reasons; however, the most common reason is due to an unhandled exception or syntax errors in
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3>Cannot connect to docker daemon (Docker CLI on Windows)?</h3></summary>

  If you're having trouble with permissions on a Windows system, you can refer to the Docker documentation for instructions
  on how to [Understand permission requirements for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/permission-requirements/).
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3>How can I set up an AWS container registry for my project?</h3></summary>

  AWS container registries use `aws` CLI to authenticate, so users should authenticate to their AWS container registry and create a repository before
  running `mp-build`.

  1. [Log into to your registry using aws CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/getting-started-cli.html#cli-authenticate-registry)
  2. [Create a repository](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/getting-started-cli.html#cli-create-repository:~:text=your%20default%20registry-,Step%203%3A%20Create%20a%20repository,-Step%204%3A%20Push)

>   3. Run mp-build and use the registry tag when propted about it (usually looks like `aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/hello-repository`)

Reviewer: I think in most cases we use backpacks for `mp-build` and friends. In fact, that's what we're using just above on line 866

</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3>How can I set up a Dockerhub container registry for my project?</h3></summary>

>   Docker CLI recommends using a token when using docker hub instead of using your login password, so users should authenticate their dockerhub account before runing `mp-build`.

Reviewer 2: also: `runing` -> `running`

  To use the logger in any other files, import the python [logging](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html) module. eg.

  ```python3
  import logging

  logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)

  def my_method():
    logger.info("info log")
    logger.warning("warning log")
    logger.error("error log")
    logger.debug("debug log")
     ...
  ```
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3> How do I change the log level (Server and Adapter)?</h3></summary>

  Server and Adapter log levels are set inside the `loglevels.cfg`; this file is located in `logs/loglevels.cfg` locally and `$ALIVE_BASE/user/log/adapters/<ADAPTERKEY>_adapter3/<ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID>/loglevels.cfg` in the cloud proxy.
  If the file does not exist, it will be generated after a collection/test collection.

  ADAPTERKEY should match the name of the adapter used in the manifest.txt, and the ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID should match the Internal ID
  found in VMware Aria Operations at Environment>Inventory>Adapter Instances>My Adapter Adapter Instance>Instance** in the rightmost column.

>   To ensure Internal ID is displayed ensure the Internal ID box is enabled by clicking in the bottom left icon and then the checkbox.

Reviewer: This part is a little hard to read when rendered in markdown.

Some things that might help:
* put the all-caps variables backpacks
* Bold the navigation hierarchy stand out a bit more (maybe you meant to do that, I see `**` on one side), and separate the levels better (maybe use an actual arrow (` &rarr; `) instead of just `>`?)

Reviewer: This looks much better. Maybe so something to set apart **My Adapter Adapter Instance** since the others are all literal, but that is a placeholder value?

>   ![highlight of the checkbox where internal id can be enbaled](doc/enable_internal_id_column.png)

Reviewer: I think you highlighted the wrong one

</details>

# Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues while using the VMware Aria Operations Integration SDK tools, you
can refer to the troubleshooting guides for each tool:

- [mp-test Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-test.md#troubleshooting)
- [mp-init Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-init.md#troubleshooting)

> - [mp-build Troubleshooting Guide](doc/mp-build.md#troubleshooting)

Reviewer: Lets remove this or at least move it to the bottom of the page. The items that are in each of those troubleshooting guides generally aren't important enough to be at the top of the page. If there are any you feel that are, let's copy them here as well.

</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3>How can change the container resgistry mp-build uses?</h3></summary>

  Open the `config.json` file located in the project's root directory, then replace the key-value for `docker_registry` with the tag of the
  repository you want to use. The next time `mp-build` is run, the new tag will be used and validated.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h3> Where are the adapter logs stored locally?</h3></summary>

 Running `mp-test` or `mp-build` generates logs.  Logs are generated and stored in the `logs` directory.
</details>
<details>
  <summary><h3> Where are the adapter logs stored in VMware Aria Operations?</h3></summary>

  Logs are generated and stored in the cloud proxy at were the adapter was configured at `$ALIVE_BASE/user/log/adapter/<ADAPTERKEY>_adapter3/<ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID>`.

  `ADAPTERKEY` should match the name of the adapter used in the `manifest.txt`, and the `ADAPTER_INTERNAL_INSTANCE_ID` should match the Internal ID
  found in VMware Aria Operations at **Environment &rarr; Inventory &rarr; Adapter Instances &rarr; My Adapter Adapter Instance &rarr; Instance** in the rightmost column.

>   To ensure Internal ID is displayed ensure the Internal ID box is enabled by clicking in the bottom left icon and then the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `Internal ID` is not displayed by default. To display the Internal ID, enable the **Internal ID** column by clicking the lower left 'column' icon and then checking the Internal ID box.
```
